Modify S109 for JS: document exclusions (#3380)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S109/javascript/rule.adoc

include::../description.adoc[]

=== Exceptions

> - numbers used in arithmetic operations are excluded -1, 0, 1. As well as powers of 2 and 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the following numbers used in arithmetic operations: -1, 0, 1, as well as powers of 2 and 10
```

}
----

==== Exceptions

>     - numbers used in arithmetic operations are excluded -1, 0, 1. As well as powers of 2 and 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - numbers used in arithmetic operations are excluded
    - -1, 0, 1, as well as powers of 2 and 10
```

Author: I don't understand this suggestion, -1,0,1 are the numbers used in arithmetic, so it should not be another item in the list

Reviewer: So that would be correct?:
- The following numbers used in arithmetic operations: -1, 0, 1, as well as powers of 2 and 10

>     - time related constants such as 24 and 60 are excluded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - time-related constants such as 24 and 60 are excluded
```

>     - numbers used in JSX elements are excluded
>     - enum values, default values, and other assignments are excluded
>     - arguments to `parseInt` and `JSON.stringify` are excluded
>     - numbers used bitwise operations are excluded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - numbers used in JSX elements are excluded
    - enum values, default values, and other assignments are excluded
    - arguments to `parseInt()` and `JSON.stringify()` are excluded
    - numbers used in bitwise operations are excluded
```
